Added couch model to sql model docs (#26149)
dimagi/commcare-hq: docs/couch_to_sql_models.rst

* A standalone management command that fetches all couch docs and creates a corresponding SQL model if it doesn't already exist. This command should support being run repeatedly.
* Updates to all code that saves the couch document to also update the SQL model (and creeate it if necessary). If it isn't feasible to update all couch-saving code in this PR, the migration command will need to not only create new SQL models but also update existing models if they've deviated from their couch document.

Once this PR is deployed, run the migration command in any environments where it's likely to take more than a trivial amoount of time.

`Sample PR 1 <https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-hq/pull/26025>`_ - note that this PR does not split the migration out as a management command but instead

PR 2: Verify migration and read from SQL
****
This should contain:

* A django migration that verifies all couch docs have been migrated and cleans up any stragglers, using the `auto-managed migration pattern <https://commcare-hq.readthedocs.io/migration_command_pattern.html#auto-managed-migration-pattern>`_
* Replacements of all code that reads from the couch document to instead read from SQL.

> For models with many references, it may make sense to do this work incrementally, with a first PR that includes the verification migration andthen subsequent PRs that update a subset of reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For models with many references, it may make sense to do this work incrementally, with a first PR that includes the verification migration and then subsequent PRs that update a subset of reads.
```

`Sample PR 2 <https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-hq/pull/26026>`_

PR 3: 
****

> This is the cleanup PR. Wait a few days or weeks the previous PR to merge this one; there's no rush. Clean up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the cleanup PR. Wait a few days or weeks after the previous PR to merge this one; there's no rush. Clean up:
```
